DAY 1 TASK

OBJECT:
An object can be created with figure brackets {} with an optional list of
properties. A property is a “key:value” pair, where a key is a string or a symbol also called a
property name and the value can be anything including numbers,strings,booleans,functions,arrays
or even other objects.

                  Objects, in JavaScript, are the most important data type and form the building

blocks for modern JavaScript. These objects are quite different from JavaScript’s primitive data
types (Number, String, Boolean, null, undefined, and symbol) in the sense that these primitive
data types all store a single value each (depending on their types). While these primitive data
types can each hold only a single value, objects are like containers that can hold multiple
values at once. These values are stored as properties of the object, each with its own key. This
allows us to group related data and functions together,making our code more organised and
easier to understand.

Syntax:

new Object(value)
Object(value)
let object_name = {
key_name : value,
...
}

Objects are more complex and each object may contain any combination of these primitive
data-types as well as reference data-types.An object is a reference data type.Variables that are
assigned as reference value are given a reference or a pointer to that value. That reference or
pointer points to the location in memory where the object is stored.The variables don’t
actually store the value.Objects in JavaScript may be defined as an unordered collection of
related data, of primitive or reference types, in the form of “key:value” pairs.These keys
can be variables or functions and are called properties and methods respectively in the
context of an object.

DAY 2 TASK

Document Object:
The document object represents a web page that is loaded in the browser. By accessing the
document object, we can access the element in the HTML page. With the help of document objects,
we can add dynamic content to our web page. The document object can be accessed with a window
document or just document.

Window Object
The window object is the topmost object of the DOM hierarchy. It represents a browser window or
frame that displays the contents of the webpage. Whenever a window appears on the screen to
display the contents of the document, the window object is created.

Document Object:
1)It represents any HTML document or web page that is loaded in the browser.  
2)All the tags, elements with attributes in HTML are part of the document.
3)It is the object of window property.
4)It is loaded inside the window.
5)We can access the document from a window using the window. document
6)The document is part of BOM (browser object model) and DOM (Document object model).
7)Properties of document objects such as title, body, cookies, etc can also be accessed by a window like this window. document.title

Windows Object:
1)It represents a browser window or frame that displays the contents of the webpage.  
2)Global objects, functions, and variables of JavaScript are members of the window object.
3)It is the object of the browser.
4)It is the very first object that is loaded in the browser.
5)We can access the window from the window only. i.e. window.window
6)The window is part of BOM, not DOM.
7)Properties of the window object cannot be accessed by the document object.
